Lamb, do you think this yellow disaster
It's really a punishment from heaven
This is nonsense.
The yellow disaster is not so much a punishment
It's better to say drought and flood
That's God's punishment
It's just a biological phenomenon.
I don't think this is a law from heaven either
But I think man can conquer heaven
However, I must remind Your Majesty
Biological control uses artificial means to intervene
Only reduce the harm of yellow disasters
There will still be yellow disasters
It's inevitable.
It's just that the scariest thing has never been a yellow disaster
But the particles after the yellow disaster have not been harvested
Your Majesty, you must be prepared for disaster
The ceremony you mentioned
I naturally know
Yellow disasters over the years
No matter the big yellow disaster or the small yellow disaster
This imperial court disaster
Pay a huge price
But the effect
Almost insignificant
Disaster relief grain issued by Chaotian
After layers of corruption
Less than 30% of the people are in the hands of the people
Even if the emperors of the past dynasties decreed corruption against the good ones
Its master is full of doors
But the effect is minimal.
But the court had to calm the disaster
Otherwise, there will be more casualties
Lamb about this official's corruption of disaster food
Why don't you
Your Majesty, greed is human nature
It's human nature.
This can't be completely eliminated
If I decree corruption to suppress disasters
Peel it, Hemerocallis is this heavy
Can we curb human involvement?
Your Majesty, don't say it's corruption.
Even if His Majesty ordered the corruption of 60 taels
You have to peel the skin of the hemerocallis
Even executed in the street
Be greedy or be greedy
No use at all
Then I can only watch
Watching them embezzle disaster food?
Uh greed can't be eliminated
But reduce the corruption of disaster food
I have a few ways to do it.
lamb
What can you do?
The solution is quite simple
It just doesn't sound good to say
And His Majesty may also bear the burden of infamy
As long as you can save the people from fire and water
Deliver the disaster food in good condition
What is a mere infamy in the hands of the common people?
However, this prevents corrupt officials from attacking the disaster food
It's not a good thing.
Why I
And infamy.
The minister's way is to go to the disaster food
Add to the fodder eaten by the animals
Husband is even
fine sand high yang
What the hell are you doing?
Take what humans eat, what animals eat.
How can we eat this grain?
And once the yellow disaster in the palace breaks out
Unscrupulous among the people
They're miserable enough
You have to put it in their food.
Go to these things
Then how can they live and play?
You misunderstood him.
The treasury is empty
Positive disaster food is definitely not enough
Those officials embezzled disaster food
It's nothing more than for huge profits
Interests win people's hearts since ancient times
This is the same as the soaring grain prices in Linjiang City
Natural disaster knowledge people have no harvest
That drives up food prices.
This grain merchant will stockpile grain for huge profits
Same with these officials.
They are embezzling good food.
Partly for self-driving
The other part is to sell at a high price
In exchange for operation
Then once I join Fukang in this disaster food
Herbal medicine, then this disaster food can't be sold
Even if it is sold
That won't sell for a high price either.
There is no high profit drive
Then these officials
Who's willing to risk the sand?
But take the risk
Let alone eat at home
Even corrupt officials
That must be pampering
hedonistic people
Which official?
Willing to eat this meal of sand food
So
You can reject corruption.
Even greed
That's not much greed
After all, when the risks and benefits are not proportional
Officials don't take risks